chore: add Marko to visitors (#35)
fbk-most/fbk-most.github.io: _people/pyeshchyk-marko.md

---
layout: person
name: "P'yeshchyk Marko"
position: "Visiting Student"
status: "visitor"
image: "/assets/images/people/marko-pyeshchyk.jpg"
order: 5
---

> Marko P'yeshchyk is a student doing an internship at the [MoST research unit](/) where he studies Time Series (and will study AI Graph models) in order to analyze the traffic data of Bologna.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marko P'yeshchyk is a student doing an internship at the [MoST research unit](/) where he studies Time Series (and will study AI Graph models) in order to analyze the car traffic data.
```

Let's make it less specific: what  matters is the field of study, rather than the fine details.

Author: do you mean the file name? in case it was an oversight and I'll change it asap
